
Waits are used to rectify the syncronisation issue that happens within the code.
Till now we had been using the hard coded value of waits in form of time.sleep()
in which we used to give the the value of our choise to make the code behave in synchronous manner.


Waits are mainly of two types:
------------------------------
1. Implicit
2. Explicit
3. Fluent 

Both Implicit and Explicit waits are dynamic waits.
ie. even if we have specified the condition to click on button 2 sec after after the page has loaded using time.sleep() then also the webdriver 
will click on  the page after the page has fully loaded and not only in 2 sec to give and error, 
it will wait for page to full load its contents then click.

Implicit Wait:-
---------------
1. implicit wait tells yhe webdriver maximum wait time when searching for elements before throwing Exception.
2. implicit wait is global, it is applicable to all the webelements in the script.
3. since implicit wait applies to all webelements you do not specify "Expected Conditions" on the element to be located.

Tells Selenium to wait for a certain amount of time before throwing a NoSuchElementException.
Applied globally and affects all elements.
Not recommended for dynamic web pages.


Explicit wait:-
----------------
1. Explicit wait tells the webdriver to halt the execution until a particular condition is met or the maximum time has passed.
2. Explicit wait time is applicable only to those web elements which are specified by the user.
3. Explicit wait requires the expected condition to be specified for the elemets like "wait until the Element Is Enabled".

Waits until a specific condition is met for an element.
More flexible than implicit wait.
Uses WebDriverWait along with expected_conditions.


Fluent wait:-
-------------
1. In this we can specify the time to wait for the condition and the poling frequency.
2. poling frequency is the frequency with which to check the condition ie. Checks for the condition at regular intervals until the maximum timeout.
3. Useful for handling elements that load at unpredictable times.

More advanced wait mechanism.
Checks for the condition at regular intervals until the maximum timeout.
Useful for handling elements that load at unpredictable times.

